Editor Manual Tests

1. Close Editors Automatically (bug 61679)

a.	Install AJDT and one of the examples (e.g. Tracing).  Click ‘Window’ > 
‘Preferences’ > ‘Workbench’ > ‘Editors’.  Check the ‘Close editors 
automatically’ checkbox and change the ‘Number of opened editors before 
closing’ value to 1.  Click ‘OK’.  

b.	Activate the tracev1 configuration and build the project if necessary. 
Then open the Circle class in the tracing package.  Check that the outline 
view matches the structure of the class.  Open the TraceMyClasses aspect in the
tracing.version1 package and check that the outline view reflects the 
structure of the aspect. (EDITOR_1)


2. Syntax Highlighting (bug 62265)
AspectJ keywords do not get highlighted any 
more if there is a dot '.' in front of them. (EDITOR_2)

a.	Install AJDT and open a .aj file.  
b.	Check that “before” gets highlighted, but not “.before”
c.	Repeat for “get” and “.get”
d.	Check that “.static” is still highlighted
e.	Do the same check in a .java file.


3. Linked source folders containing .aj files (bug 77917)

a. Install AJDT and the Spacewar example.
b. Move the spacewar package to a location outside the workspace and create a 
linked folder to it in your Spacewar project.
c. Re-build the project and check that it builds and works normally.
d. Double click on one of the .aj files in the spacewar package to open in the
editor.
e. Ensure that both margins are present in the editor window. (EDITOR_3)


4. Toggle Breakpoints (bug 71718)

a. Open an aspect that contains some advice.  
b. Click somewhere in the advice body and press Ctrl+Shift+B on the keyboard.  A breakpoint
should appear in the margin.  Press Ctrl+Shift+B again and the breakpoint should disappear. (EDITOR_4)
c. Double click in the margin and a breakpoint should appear.  Double click again and
the breakpoint should disappear. (EDITOR_5)


5. Editor Ruler context menu (EDITOR_6)

a. Open a file with the AspectJ editor, and open another beside it with the java editor.
b. Right click on the ruler in both files and ensure that the menus match. 
c. Test all of the actions in the AspectJ editor to ensure they perform as expected.

5. Eager parsing 

a. Open an aspect
b. Cause an error in the source and check that red squiggles are shown. (EDITOR_7)
c. Turn off eager parsing and check that the squiggles go away (EDITOR_8)