The nature of dependencies between projects has changed several times, this is a record
of what has happened and when so that these changes can be tracked.


- dependencies between projects were described as "Project" dependencies, (this includes
  dependencies between (AJ and Java) and (AJ and AJ) projects.



January 2004 - PROBLEM: Have Java project depending on AJ project. If problem within AJ 
                        project then Java project is marked correctly (can't rebuild until 
                        prerequisite is built). However, when AJ builds correctly,
                        Java project isn't updated and cant be rebuilt.

                        https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=46271

               SOLUTION: July 2004 

                        When AJ project is created, create a state.dat file which the java 
                        builder understands. It seems that this is all that is required for 
                        the java builder to update itself.

April 2004 - PROBLEM: when a java project depended on an AJ project, and workbench was shut 
                      down and then restarted, the Java project had the error message "unable 
                      to build because prerequisite project needs rebuilding". This message 
                      wouldn't go away (and consequently this project wouldn't build) 
                      no matter how many times you rebuilt the AJ project.

                      https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=56703

             SOLUTION: April 2004 

                      When a project is converted to an AJ project (or when an AJ project 
                      builds) change all project dependencies to be class folder dependencies 
                      (and reverse this when AJ nature is removed).
          

9th June 2004  - fix went in to Builder.java and AJDTUtils.java to change project dependencies 
                 to class folder dependencies when AJ nature was added (or an AJ build occured) 
                 and to switch them back when  AJ nature was removed.

                 Also, trashed state.dat file because found that eclipse was forcing an aspectj
                 build an excessive amount of times. Thought this might have something to do 
                 with having a state.dat file around. (this was with one of the milestone
                 releases of Eclipse 3 - so could have been because a milestone release).


27th July 2004 - fix went in to Builder.java for bug 46271 to stop the state.dat file being 
                 trashed (because trashing it actually removed a fix for a previous bug).


26th August 2004 - fixed scenario where have dependencies on binary projects which just exports
                   jars rather than having src/bin directories.


27th August 2004 - fixed scenario not to add a class folder dependency when a binary project
                   does not have any src.


31st August 2004 - bug raised saying that references between dependent projects is broken:
                   If have a Java project dependent on an AJ project and select a method in
                   the java project which you know is mentioned in the AJ project, then with
                   class folder dependencies, this isn't picked up via search > references
                   > workspace. (It works automatically with project dependencies).

                   https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=72969

                   Question: why did we change the dependencies in the first place and do
                             we still need to do this? (otherwise this bug would be 
                             quite tricky to fix).			


6th September 2004 - Investigation and testing has shown that all "special case" scenarios which
                     were delt with when there were class folder dependencies are handled
                     automatically with project dependencies. Moreover, Georges fix for not
                     trashing the state.dat file means that all original problems are actually
                     fixed as well.

                     Decision: - back out changing project --> class folder dependencies.
                               - Change the asserts in the tests to make sure we're picking up
                                 the "right" version of project dependencies.
                               - commented these changes starting with a "PD".

              ****** HOWEVER - need to be wary that Eclipse doesn't force us to build 
                               excessively
             
             
7th September 2004 - The following scenario is a problem with AJDT 1.1.12:

                     Have various AJ and Java projects, where there is are project and classfolder
                     dependencies. These build in the users workspace, however, when the user
                     checks them into CVS and others check them out, the message "cant rebuild
                     until prereq project is built" cannot be removed.
                     
                     Reply: The fact that it works for one workspace but not for others after a 
                     check-out from CVS is a big clue. The importing (non-AspectJ) project will 
                     be built by the Java builder. When it builds a Java project, it looks through 
                     a special Java Builder state file to find the state for projects this project 
                     depends on. If it finds no state records at all for the project, it asks the 
                     project to build itself. When the project is built by the AspectJ compiler 
                     though, the Java Builder's state is still not updated and you cannot get rid 
                     of the "project cannot be built message". It was this reason that first led 
                     us down the road (under the advice of the JDT team) of not using project 
                     dependencies between aspectj projects, but instead using class folder 
                     dependencies. However, in the case which was reported, the project dependencies
                     need to stay (due to build requirements).

                     To fix: revert the AspectJ plugin project in their workspaces back to a 
                     Java project. Build it once and then switch it back to an Aspectj project. 
                     Things should then be fine from that point on, even across workbench 
                     restarts as the state files are persistent.                       

                     PROBLEM: this is the original problem reported by Adrian to the JDT team,
                     however, 1.1.12 does include George's fix for the state.dat file being
                     there.
                     
                     THEREFORE: still need to fix this problem in the case of a CVS checkout
                     (since state.dat file is created - through a forced java build - when a
                     project is converted to an AJ project either through the New AJ project wizard
                     or through "convert to aj project").
                     
8th September 2004 - Raised bug https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=73435 to investigate
                     creating a meaningful state.dat file for an AJ project which is understood
                     by the JavaBuilder.    
                     
                     Manual test added to check this.                
                     
7th October 2004   - Work around for bug https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=73435 
					 integrated (is in 1.2M1).
					 
					 Have tried various ways to create a state.dat file which the java builder
					 understands, all of which have lead nowhere. The main reason is that the
					 required methods/fields are all default access. Creating copies in ajdt.core
					 plugin (with the same package names) causes class loading problems at 
					 runtime. Everything else, there are visibility issues as well as 
					 serialization problems (State objects need to have the correct package
					 name etc). Therefore, have introduced the workaroud.
					 
					 WORKAROUND: Change the workspace settings (Window > Preferences > Java
					 > Compiler > Java Builder) not to abort on classpath errors. If the 
					 current project:
					 
					 	(a) has no build state
					 	(b) has dependent projects which are NOT AJ projects
					 	
					 then this is done (if the projects are using the project preferences
					 rather than the workspace ones, then these are changed).
					 
					 Known behaviour: if checkout 2 projects, A and B where A depends on B, 
					 A is a Java Project, B is an AJ project then will build. Switch A to
					 use project preferences and rebuild. Switch workspace preferences back to
					 abort on classpath errors and rebuild. Finally, switch A to use workbench
					 preferences. There is then the "must build prerequisite project" error
					 message, however, a rebuild DOES fix this.
					 
					 (manual tests have been added to check this)
					 
					 LONG TERM (for 1.2M2): look into trying to force a dummy java build 
					 on checkout.
					 
11th October 2004 -  after discussion on the JDT newsgroup on this, have raised a feature
                     request against JDT core:
                     
                     https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=76025
                     
                     to see if they can make it possible for other builders to create a valid
                     state.dat which the javabuilder understands.					 	                  
